# Code Workbench - Week of 5/16/2025

The following are the links from the following week [code-workbench.com](https://www.code-workbench.com) for the past week, as well as some additional items.  

## Blog Posts:

No key posts this week.  I've been traveling lately, and am getting back to my happy place in code this week.  

## GitHub Updates:

The following is information on the open-source community, including my own contributions.  

### Open Source Contributions

The following are some notes on GitHub updates I've done recently:

- [mack-bytes-government/starter-aro-il5: Infrastructure-as-Code template for Deploying Azure RedHat OpenShift in an IL5 environment](https://github.com/mack-bytes-government/starter-aro-il5) - Implemented a jumpbox, bastion, and am currently working on implementing the application gateway in front of ARO.

### Interesting Repos / Research:

The following are interesting repos or research effort that I've found and investigating.  As I've investigated these I've found a lot of great information from these.

- [Transmitarrays for Wireless Power Transfer on Earth and in Space](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10703104) - I'm still absolutely a space nerd at my core.  And this article was a really interesting one about how to solve power problems in Space.  Getting signal and power to extreme disconnected systems is a really hard problem. And I loved reading through this.  
- [Less Data, More Knowledge: Building Next-Generation Semantic Communication Networks](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10554663) - Really interesting article about building AI that is not tethered to the data it was trained on, but rather is able to reason to solve problems.  Using Semantic representation, they are evaluating and expanding boundaries in really fascinating areas.  

## Interesting Links:

During this past week here's are some interesting articles / links I've found:

### Azure Government

The following are some key links for Azure Government:

- [Azure OpenAI Service now authorized for all U.S. Government data classification levels](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azuregov/azure-openai-authorization/) - Fantastic news in that Azure OpenAI enables government customers to leverage Chat-GPT models at all impact levels.  

### AI

The following are some key links on AI Development:

- [From MCP to multi-agents: The top 10 new open source AI projects on GitHub right now and why they matter](https://github.blog/open-source/maintainers/from-mcp-to-multi-agents-the-top-10-open-source-ai-projects-on-github-right-now-and-why-they-matter/) - Great article about some really interesting AI repos.  
- [A guide to deciding what AI model to use in GitHub Copilot](https://github.blog/ai-and-ml/github-copilot/a-guide-to-deciding-what-ai-model-to-use-in-github-copilot/) - Good article explaining the keys to selecting the right model to assist in development efforts.  

### Development

The following are some key links for security:

- [Cutting through the noise: How to prioritize Dependabot alerts](https://github.blog/security/application-security/cutting-through-the-noise-how-to-prioritize-dependabot-alerts/) - Dependabot is one of my favorite GitHub features as it takes the guess work out of finding CVEs in code.  It's the easiest to implement code scanning tools and maximum rewards.  
- [The AI-powered DevOps revolution: Redefining developer collaboration](https://github.blog/ai-and-ml/github-copilot/the-ai-powered-devops-revolution-redefining-developer-collaboration/) - Really fantastic article on how leveraging AI can facilitate better communication and collaboration.  
- [How to use AI coding tools to learn a new programming language](https://github.blog/developer-skills/programming-languages-and-frameworks/how-to-use-ai-coding-tools-to-learn-a-new-programming-language/) - Really interesting article on how you can use CoPilot and other tools to learn to code.  

### Career

The following are some great links on building your career.

- [How engineers can use one-on-ones with their manager to accelerate career growth](https://github.blog/developer-skills/career-growth/how-engineers-can-use-one-on-ones-with-their-manager-to-accelerate-career-growth/) - The key to any career is the relationships you make.  I've always found 1:1's to be the key to building a relationship with your managers and leaders.  

## Closing Thoughts:

So the news has said a lot about the recent layoffs at Microsoft.  I have many colleagues that I know and respect that were impacted by these layoffs.  And for full transparency, I was laid off previously in my career.  My heart goes out to those impacted.  I will never forget the whirlwind of emotions that I went through and the panic / stress brought on by trying to find a new position to support my family.  I do not wish that on anyone.  

I will say that it opened my eyes in a lot of ways to how I view my own career.  I vividly remember talking to a sales leader I was working with, about 5 years ago, and saying to them "how great things are going?" and "This is going to go X,Y,Z."  And they looked at me and said, "Yep I'm really enjoying this too, and going to enjoy it while it lasts."  When I first heard that, I remembered thinking "While it's going to last?  I don't want this to ever end."  

But the truth is that all things come to an end, and all you can do is enjoy the ride.  And you can embrace the relationships you make along the way.  After being laid off, my personal network that I had built through working with others helped me to find a place to land.  And that same network is the reason I keep going.  

A fantastic book I would recommend to everyone, especially those who were impacted is ["Infinite Game"](https://www.amazon.com/Infinite-Game-Simon-Sinek/dp/073521350X/ref=sr_1_1?crid=UDHMH0FH3721&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.BiCKHuZhDyN8orxzeL8-u1nEYanUnwQbdoS4H19MZIUtYgU6RXowPOUNrznhsb9HnN1VT649uLd_fBTtbIagNXEUsm6rNvOGeTi3kPQQJkR6-dUy5KzTYm-BwBXu5JYiOpKrX9JEIH0MRQ56MC5gW3gO1ZIrro3GBhcT4Z2ocQv-L5FAEYfoXSX09c4UKTogxGC6SGBLfLcKdmxGb8DnHSRU8hLLdwhEX2UB8H7-_Yo.RzeGgLlrhH9XuQ6P06OCnK1v4ak4aultgRjh67hFfAo&dib_tag=se&keywords=infinite+game+simon+sinek+book&qid=1747402731&sprefix=Infinite+Game%2Caps%2C121&sr=8-1) by Simon Sinek.  He takes a look at markets, careers, etc, through the lense of game theory.  A great quote from the book:

“Infinite-minded leaders understand that “best” is not a permanent state. Instead, they strive to be “better.” “Better” suggests a journey of constant improvement and makes us feel like we are being invited to contribute our talents and energies to make progress in that journey.”

And the core concept of the book is this, there are two types of games.  Finite games which have defined players, defined rules, and at the end of the game there is a definitive winner and loser.  Infinite Games don't have defined rules, there are known players and unknown players, and there is no winning or losing - the goal is to continue to play the game until you no longer wish to.  And a good and healthy mindset is realizing your career is an infinite game, the goal is to keep playing for as long as you want to.  Instead of trying to "win", or be the "best", you strive to be better than you were before.  

And for me personally, I took this to heart when I was laid off.  This wasn't me "losing" it was just a change in the conditions of the game.  And the question became how did I want to continue to "play."  For me I chose to return to Microsoft and I'm thankful I did.  For some, they will make that decision after the layoff, and others will pursue other paths.  And all are good options.  

Again, my heart, thoughts, and prayers go out to everyone impacted.  And for anyone I know who was, if I can help you, please don't hesistate to reach out.  
